custom fonts in menus, custom border and border radious (DONE)
backround color DONE
Custom pre-defined Styles (drop down H list extention) (those custom defined styles cold be saveble to db so hook required to laod, save) DONE
remove formatting (DONE)
tables (DONE)
-image (DONE)
bookmark manager (DONE)
right click custom menu (DONE)
edit toolbar settings (local storage, can reset) (DONE)
add document preview button and menu (DONE)
Readonly property, all button and menu disabled, and neather editor can be edited. (DONE)
<hr> (DONE)
Drag html file In (DONE)
dark mode (DONE)
config where to show the toolbar (DONE)
auto save hooks, (check every second, if the document has changed, if yes call a callback, optional property), add to playgraoudn with visible auto saves (DONE)
Cannot mark text on mobile devices (DONE / Not tested)
custom menu hides as property (DONE)
Add table column with and row heiht property editor (DONE)
Add merge cells, colspan, rowspan (right click property, or optionally mark the cells, and press the merge cells, and unmerge cells) (DONE)
read aloud by browser? (DONE)
add custom CSS popup for selected element (IN PROGRESS)
insert  -video,  -audio (DONE)
format brush (DONE)
The save, load is now file, add two buttons (customizable what is shown, with save to API and load from API) (DONE)
backround image, backround image position, crop, background image zoom (DONE)
Done but not exactly I thought, will see how can I utilize.
! Add header, footer and body possibilities for commspiant, so this will not be separate partial and tab.
Better user experience. This means we can edit totally separate pages, with separate html,
and may add @page properties as well for printing as properities panel
Add comments to specific lines, especially for commspliant. and this can be shown with show comments, or hide. (DONE)
Canvas represent selected page size. (DONE)
Fit, % zoom on screen only (DONE)
Pages (DONE)
Page Break (DONE)
Add to praragraph properties: break-inside: avoid;, break-after: avoid;break-before: page; (DONE)

--- Not done
Not only add table, but add responsive grid system, editable properties for mobile devices.
customizable auto sanitize Javascipt, including javascript: in tags
Animation library
Add special HTML block, like toggle, (witch custom CSS provided by us), configurable if allowed to use


// Optional
save as md, 
load from md
css animations
draw? (svg?)
make it as an electron app as well, for multiple platform, Desktop HTML word editor
Import docx? Save as Docx?
Possible javascript block <javasript> separate editor window, 
convert between md and html
Add editing possibilities to position fixed, absolute and z-index for specific features
possibiltity to detach main menu only and main menu and toolbar together
ruler?
